Benchmark multiple different pipelines running in parallel (#18)
intel-retail/loss-prevention: benchmark.md

!!! Note
    For more details on how this works, you can check the documentation of performance-tools in [Benchmark Stream Density for CV Pipelines](https://github.com/intel-retail/documentation/blob/main/docs_src/performance-tools/benchmark.md#benchmark-stream-density-for-cv-pipelines) section.

### Benchmark for multiple pipelines in parallel

> There is an example docker-compose file under src/ directory, named `docker-compose-2-clients.yml` that can be used to show case both of benchmarks of parallel running pipelines and stream density benchmarks of running pipelines.  This docker-compose file contains two different running pipelines: one is running yolov5s pipeline and the other one is yolov8 region of interests pipeline.  Follow the follow command examples to do the benchmarks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an example docker-compose file under src/ directory, named `docker-compose-2-clients.yml` that can be used to show case both of benchmarks of parallel running pipelines and stream density benchmarks of running pipelines.  This docker-compose file contains two different running pipelines: one is running yolov5s pipeline and the other one is yolov8 region of interests pipeline.  Use the following command examples to do the benchmarks:
```

Author: thanks, fixed.
